Adding MPAS-Ocean documentation (#6371)
E3SM-Project/E3SM: components/mpas-ocean/docs/tech-guide/index.md

# MPAS-Ocean Technical Guide

This Technical Guide describes the governing equations, physics, and numerical discretizations of MPAS-Ocean.

## Guides, Design Documents, and documentation

MPAS-Ocean may be run as either a stand-alone model, or within the E3SM coupled climate model.

> The MPAS-Ocean code for both stand-alone and coupled is housed in the repository [https://github.com/E3SM-Project/E3SM](https://github.com/E3SM-Project/E3SM) within the directory components/mpas-ocean. The stand-alone executable may be built within that directory using the make command with the required libraries, as described in Chapter 1 of the [User's Guide](mpas_ocean_users_guide.pdf).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The MPAS-Ocean code for both stand-alone and coupled is housed in the repository [https://github.com/E3SM-Project/E3SM](https://github.com/E3SM-Project/E3SM) within the directory `components/mpas-ocean`. The stand-alone executable may be built within that directory using the make command with the required libraries, as described in Chapter 1 of the [User's Guide](mpas_ocean_users_guide.pdf).
```

> The MPAS-Ocean code for both stand-alone and coupled is housed in the repository [https://github.com/E3SM-Project/E3SM](https://github.com/E3SM-Project/E3SM) within the directory components/mpas-ocean. The stand-alone executable may be built within that directory using the make command with the required libraries, as described in Chapter 1 of the [User's Guide](mpas_ocean_users_guide.pdf).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The MPAS-Ocean code for both stand-alone and coupled is housed in the repository [https://github.com/E3SM-Project/E3SM](https://github.com/E3SM-Project/E3SM) within the directory components/mpas-ocean. The stand-alone executable may be built within that directory using the make command with the required libraries, as described in Chapter 1 of the [MPAS-Ocean User's Guide](https://zenodo.org/records/11098080).
```

> The [User's Guide](mpas_ocean_users_guide.pdf) provides a description of the MPAS Framework in Part I, the Governing equations for MPAS-Ocean in Chapter 8, and describes the physics behind each term and parameterization in chapter 11.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The [MPAS-Ocean User's Guide](https://zenodo.org/records/11098080) provides a description of the MPAS Framework in Part I, the Governing equations for MPAS-Ocean in Chapter 8, and describes the physics behind each term and parameterization in chapter 11.
```
